Background:
Due the inherent nature of stepper motors, there exists a resonant frequency of rotation
at which the stepper motor will become unable to rotate due to resonance within the motor.
All stepper motors on the machine, less the mandrel motor, opperate outside of their resonant
frequency. It is sometimes possible to mitigate the resonance by loading the motor, but in the
case of the mandrel motor, this resonance is unavoidable.

As a result, at some wrap angles, the mandrel motor with hit its resonant frequency and become
unable to operate. A simple indicator of when the mandrel stepper speed is nearing its resonant
frequncy is that the stepper motor will vibrate more, and operation of the machine will become
audibly louder.
To allow for the winding of wrap angles close to or on the resonant frequency, the speed of the
carriage, config::carriage_velocity, must be changed, as to change the speed of the mandrel 
motor and avoid the resonant frequency. This is the case as the mandrel speed is directly
dependent on the carriage speed. As the carriage speed is ... something about constexpr

Procedure:
The equation which sets the carriage velocity is currently: (located in Config.h)
  
  const double carriage_velocity = (80 + (9 * deg_wrap_angle / 10)) / deg_wrap_angle; // in/s

By decreasing the numerator of the equation, a good way of doing this is decreasing the value of
80, say to 60, the carriage velocity will decrease and inturn the mandrel velocity will decrease. 
Thus the resonany frequency will be moved from occuring at the current wrap angle, to a higher 
wrap angle (when the mandrel speed is once again fast enough to near the natural frequency).
Thus, manipulating the numerator to change the speed of the mandrel will be sufficient to allow
winding at the former troublesome wrap angle. Remember to change the of the numerator back to
original value or update comment which defines machines operable wrap angles after the machine
has been utilzed at this wrap angle. The above setting for carriage_velocity can be seen as 
a default.
