Test Case: The number of passes completed is correct given the specified total layers

Setup: Ensure that the arduino.json file in the .vscode folder is loading the main.ino file by
        setting: "sketch": "src/main.ino".

Precondition: The system_accurate_delay_distance_between_passes and system_consistency_of_passes_during_wind
              tests have been run and passed. This test cannot yield meaningful results if the aforementioned
              conditions are not true.

Units Under Test:
  Physical: All - As in, error in any physical configuration could result in failure of test case.

  Software:
    In addition to the below member variable, the implementation of the control logic
    in the main winding loop is also tested.
    - config::passes_per_layer


Background: This is a system test intended to check that the correct number of passes are completed, given the
            config::total_layers non-zero.

Test Parameters:
  - config::total_layers should be tested with 1 and 2.
  - config::wrap_angle should be tested over at least 3 distinct values
  - config::filament_width should be tested first with 1in for brevity, then with a more realistic value of 0.125 in.

Procedure:
  1. Attach a marker to the end of the filament application head (likely via rubber bands).
  2. Tape paper around the mandrel which covers the area where the wind starts.
  3. Run main.ino
  4. Mark the first angled filament path leaving the home position (after the initial configuration pass) and the
      last path before the wind ends.

Expected Results:
  - The wind should stop executing after the first path which is past the initial path is completed, such that if
    filament was being wound there would be no gap left uncovered. There should be no extra paths after the mandrel
    is covered. 

LAST EXECUTED RESULTS:
  - (July 15, 2019) The correct number of passes were completed for total layers being 1 and 2, the wrap angles being
    30, 40, and 75 degrees, and the filament width begin 1 and 1/8in. 
