Test Case: Filament wind path is the same over multiple passes

Setup: Ensure that the arduino.json file in the .vscode folder is loading the main.ino file by
        setting: "sketch": "src/main.ino".

Units Under Test:
  Physical: All - As in, error in any physical configuration could result in failure of test case.

  Software: All

Background: This is a system test intended to check sanity and calibration of software and physical machine
            after major changes are made to the 2 axis software. Almost all parts of software and hardware 
            functionality (including homing and calibraion) will be used in this test.

Insight: Given the machine can precisely do the same pass pattern such that the start position of the mandrel
          and the wind angle are the same over multiple passes, it follows that adding an offset on one end per
          complete pass will generate a 2 axis filament wind.

Test Parameters:
  - config::deg_wrap_angle should be tested for the values [20, 30, .... 70, 80]
  - may be tested over various lengths of winds

Procedure:
  1. Set the config::pass_offset_steps = 0 such that the machine will NOT increase the wait time at the
      home end as to offset distance between passes.
  2. Set the config::total_layers >= 2 to give an adequate number of passes to compare consistency between.
  3. Attach a marker to the end of the filament application head (likely via rubber bands).
  4. Tape paper around the mandrel which covering the full wind area.
  5. Run main.ino
  6. Manually control the pressure of the marker on the mandrel as to not rip the paper and record the path
     of the applicator head on the mandrel.

Expected Results:
  - The marker should draw the exact same path for each pass. Deviances between passes with respect to 
    start position, delay time, or wrap angle indicate defective system behaviour. Specifically, repeated 
    incremental increases / decreases in start position such that each pass is starting only slightly after / before
    the previous start position at a difference large enough to be noticable by visual inspection should be seen as
    a defect in system behaviour and diagnosed. The positional tolerance between wraps is +- 1/32".
    
  - It should be noted that if the mandrel is seen to move sporadically at a particular the wrap_angle, the equation
    used to define config::carriage_velocity (which relies on wrap_angle), and in turn sets the speed for the mandrel
    velocity likely needs should be recalibrated / changed (if the problem is not physical).

LAST EXECUTED RESULTS:
  - (July 15, 2019) Path was traversed exactly over all wrap angle values and over both a ~5 and ~40 inch wind length.
    No visible deviate was seen over multiple passes for any values. Note that the resonant frequency of the motor 
    was calibrated to occur at a wrap angle of around 55 degrees, so this was a non-issue. 
